content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About"
slug = "about"
thumbnail = "images/benobi-one.png"
description = "about"
+++

## Current Projects & Interests

- Conceived and leads [Libre][libre], Bitcoin's first decentralized two-way lending marketplace delivering a simple and accessible Bitcoin wallet and lending platform
- Bestselling co-author of [*Bitcoin One Million*][b1m], available on major audiobook platforms and  Amazon in hardcover and paperback editions
- Creator of [B1M][b1m_app], a data-driven platform tracking Bitcoin's mathematical journey to $1,000,000 with a 96% accurate Power Law model, interactive curve, dashboard, and a viral retirement calculator
- Co-creator of [Bitcoin Alpha][alpha], the invite-only nonprofit unconference in Santa Monica limited to 200 attendees and sold out two years in a row
- Co-author of the [Big Bitcoin Book](https://www.bigbitcoinbook.com), a visual history of Bitcoin's first 15 years that surpassed $500k in sales within its first year
- Leading [Bitcoin diplomacy initiatives](https://benobi.one/initiatives/) in developing nations to expand global adoption

## Professional Background

- Over 20 years of experience in technology
- Has built dozens of applications throughout his career
- Successfully exited his IT consulting company in 2019
- Systems engineer and developer with expertise in Bitcoin and blockchain technologies
- Dedicated to advancing Bitcoin's mission of creating a more open and equitable financial system
- Focus on making Bitcoin accessible to the billions of people worldwide who lack access to traditional banking services

## Short Bio

Ben Sigman is a Bitcoin entrepreneur, author, and advocate focused on global Bitcoin adoption. He conceived and leads [Libre][libre], Bitcoin's first decentralized two-way lending marketplace.

He is the bestselling co-author of [*Bitcoin One Million*][b1m], ranked #1 in Macroeconomics, Monetary Policy, and Bitcoin categories, and the co-creator of [Bitcoin Alpha][alpha], the invite-only Bitcoin unconference series.

Ben also designed the giant orange shark sculpture, "Apex Predator of Money"—a bold symbol proposed as Bitcoin's new mascot as featured in [Decrypt][decrypt].

With over 20 years in technology as a systems engineer and developer, his work bridges Bitcoin, art, and open finance to create a more accessible monetary future.

## Headshot

![Benobi's headshot](/images/benobi-headshot.png)

## About This Site

This site documents my Bitcoin advocacy work, projects, and thoughts on the evolution of money and technology.

It is built using [Hugo](/posts/hugo_deployment_to_github/) and serves as a platform to share knowledge about Bitcoin and its potential to transform the global financial system.

## Contact

GPG Key Fingerprint: `C85A 0311 F61C 2B5D B5F9 A3FA 14D3 5567 EC8F 7BA0`

Thank you for visiting!

[libre]: https://www.libre.org
[alpha]: https://bitcoinalpha.org
[b1m]: https://amzn.to/4qCGJFs
[b1m_app]: https://b1m.io
[decrypt]: https://decrypt.co/345710/no-bull-bitcoiners-tribute-predator-money-shark-satutue

Commit message:

Update projects, homepage, and add workshop

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About"
slug = "about"
thumbnail = "images/benobi-one.png"
description = "about"
+++

## Current Projects & Interests

- Conceived and leads [Libre][libre], Bitcoin's first decentralized two-way lending marketplace delivering a simple and accessible Bitcoin wallet and lending platform
- Bestselling co-author of [*Bitcoin One Million*][b1m], available on major audiobook platforms and  Amazon in hardcover and paperback editions
- Creator of [B1M][b1m_app], a data-driven platform tracking Bitcoin's mathematical journey to $1,000,000 with a 96% accurate Power Law model, interactive curve, dashboard, and a viral retirement calculator
- Co-creator of [Bitcoin Alpha][alpha], the invite-only nonprofit unconference in Santa Monica limited to 200 attendees and sold out two years in a row
- Co-author of the [Big Bitcoin Book](https://www.bigbitcoinbook.com), a visual history of Bitcoin's first 15 years that surpassed $500k in sales within its first year
- Leading [Bitcoin diplomacy initiatives](https://benobi.one/initiatives/) in developing nations to expand global adoption

## AI + Product Development

In 2025, I went deep on AI-assisted development — what my friends call "pocket coding." Using Claude, Cursor, and local fine-tuned models, I shipped multiple products from my phone without writing traditional code. This includes:

- A bestselling book co-written with AI assistance
- Native iOS, Android, and Apple Watch apps
- A Bitcoin multisig wallet with PSBT support
- An AI platform running 10 custom fine-tuned models
- Investor portals, prediction markets, and more

I'm now teaching this workflow to others through [Pocket Coding](/pocketcoding) — a workshop for founders and creators who want to build products without a traditional engineering background.

## Professional Background

- Over 20 years of experience in technology
- Has built dozens of applications throughout his career
- Successfully exited his IT consulting company in 2019
- Systems engineer and developer with expertise in Bitcoin and blockchain technologies
- Dedicated to advancing Bitcoin's mission of creating a more open and equitable financial system
- Focus on making Bitcoin accessible to the billions of people worldwide who lack access to traditional banking services

## Short Bio

Ben Sigman is a Bitcoin entrepreneur, author, and advocate focused on global Bitcoin adoption. He conceived and leads [Libre][libre], Bitcoin's first decentralized two-way lending marketplace.

He is the bestselling co-author of [*Bitcoin One Million*][b1m], ranked #1 in Macroeconomics, Monetary Policy, and Bitcoin categories, and the co-creator of [Bitcoin Alpha][alpha], the invite-only Bitcoin unconference series.

Ben also designed the giant orange shark sculpture, "Apex Predator of Money"—a bold symbol proposed as Bitcoin's new mascot as featured in [Decrypt][decrypt].

With over 20 years in technology as a systems engineer and developer, his work bridges Bitcoin, art, and open finance to create a more accessible monetary future.

## Headshot

![Benobi's headshot](/images/benobi-headshot.png)

## About This Site

This site documents my Bitcoin advocacy work, projects, and thoughts on the evolution of money and technology.

It is built using [Hugo](/posts/hugo_deployment_to_github/) and serves as a platform to share knowledge about Bitcoin and its potential to transform the global financial system.

## Contact

GPG Key Fingerprint: `C85A 0311 F61C 2B5D B5F9 A3FA 14D3 5567 EC8F 7BA0`

Thank you for visiting!

[libre]: https://www.libre.org
[alpha]: https://bitcoinalpha.org
[b1m]: https://amzn.to/4qCGJFs
[b1m_app]: https://b1m.io
[decrypt]: https://decrypt.co/345710/no-bull-bitcoiners-tribute-predator-money-shark-satutue
