content/posts/bitcoin-101.md, before:

+++ 
draft = false
date = 2024-11-03T12:03:21-08:00
title = "Bitcoin 101: A Simple Guide to Share"
slug = "bitcoin-101" 
tags = ["bitcoin", "education", "guide"]
categories = ["Bitcoin"]
thumbnail = "images/benobi-one.png"
description = "A straightforward one-page guide explaining Bitcoin basics for sharing with family and friends"
+++

I created this simple one-page guide to help explain Bitcoin to friends, family members, and anyone interested in learning the basics. Feel free to share this PDF guide with others who want to understand what Bitcoin is all about.

## [Download the Guide](https://benobi.one/files/Bitcoin-101-One-Pager.pdf)

[![Bitcoin 101 Guide Preview](/images/Bitcoin-101-One-Pager@2x.png)](/files/Bitcoin-101-One-Pager.pdf)

This one-page PDF guide covers:

- What Bitcoin is in simple terms
- Timeline of Bitcoin's history
- How Bitcoin works (simplified)
- Common criticisms and misconceptions
- How to get started safely
- Fun facts and quick stats

Click the image above to download the PDF.

## Why I Created This Guide

After years of explaining Bitcoin to curious friends and family members, I noticed many of the same questions and misconceptions coming up repeatedly. I wanted to create a simple, non-technical resource that addresses these common points and provides a solid foundation for understanding Bitcoin.

## Using This Guide

Feel free to:
- Download and share this PDF with anyone interested in learning about Bitcoin
- Print copies for meetups or educational events
- Link to this page from your own resources

The guide is intentionally kept to one page to avoid overwhelming newcomers while providing enough information to spark interest and understanding. I also kept it high contrast and easy to read - so it can be printed on a single sheet of paper on any printer.

## Additional Resources

For those wanting to learn more after reading the guide, I recommend checking out my [Bitcoin Resources](/resources) page for carefully curated learning materials.

## Feedback Welcome

If you have suggestions for improving this guide or questions that you think should be addressed, please reach out to me on [X.com](https://x.com/bensig).

# ⚡ Bitcoin Quick Stats ⚡

🎯 Supply & Scarcity
- Maximum Supply: 21 Million BTC
- Currently Mined: 19.6 Million BTC
- Lost Forever: ~4 Million BTC
- Remaining to Mine: 1.1 Million BTC

💰 Units & Value
- 1 Bitcoin = 100 Million Satoshis
- 1 Satoshi = 0.00000001 BTC
- First Real Purchase: 10,000 BTC for 2 pizzas (2010)
- Current Network Value: $1.3 Trillion

⛏️ Mining & Energy
- Hash Rate: 752M Terahashes/second
- Renewable Energy: ~60% of mining
- Mining Reward: 3.125 BTC per block
- Block Time: ~10 minutes

🌍 Network Stats
- Active Wallets: 743,000
- Daily Transactions: ~500,000
- Countries where Bitcoin is Legal Tender: 2
- Lightning Network Capacity: 5,300 BTC

Commit message:

add new post for bitcoin one pager

content/posts/bitcoin-101.md, after:

+++ 
draft = false
date = 2024-11-03T12:03:21-08:00
title = "Bitcoin 101: A Simple Guide to Share"
slug = "bitcoin-101" 
tags = ["bitcoin", "education", "guide"]
categories = ["Bitcoin"]
thumbnail = "images/bitcoinonepagerdotcom-front.png"
description = "Version 3 of our popular one-page Bitcoin guide - a straightforward resource for sharing with family and friends"
+++

> **📣 New Version Available!** Version 3 of the Bitcoin 101 guide is now available at [bitcoinonepager.com](https://bitcoinonepager.com) with updated stats, improved design, and the option to order high-quality laminated prints. The original Version 2 PDF is [still available here](/files/Bitcoin-101-One-Pager.pdf).

I created this simple one-page guide to help explain Bitcoin to friends, family members, and anyone interested in learning the basics. Version 3 is now available with updated stats and improved design!

## [Visit BitcoinOnePager.com](https://bitcoinonepager.com)

Download the free PDF or order high-quality laminated prints at [bitcoinonepager.com](https://bitcoinonepager.com).

<a href="/images/bitcoinonepagerdotcom-front@2x.png" target="_blank">
  <img src="/images/bitcoinonepagerdotcom-front.png" alt="Bitcoin 101 Guide - Front" style="max-width: 100%; margin-bottom: 20px; cursor: pointer;" />
</a>

<a href="/images/bitcoinonepagerdotcom-back@2x.png" target="_blank">
  <img src="/images/bitcoinonepagerdotcom-back.png" alt="Bitcoin 101 Guide - Back" style="max-width: 100%; margin-bottom: 20px; cursor: pointer;" />
</a>

This one-page PDF guide covers:

- What Bitcoin is in simple terms
- Timeline of Bitcoin's history
- How Bitcoin works (simplified)
- Common criticisms and misconceptions
- How to get started safely
- Fun facts and quick stats

Click the images above to visit [bitcoinonepager.com](https://bitcoinonepager.com) where you can download the latest PDF or order laminated prints.

**Note:** Looking for the previous version? [Version 2 is still available here](/files/Bitcoin-101-One-Pager.pdf), but I recommend using the updated Version 3 at [bitcoinonepager.com](https://bitcoinonepager.com).

## Why I Created This Guide

After years of explaining Bitcoin to curious friends and family members, I noticed many of the same questions and misconceptions coming up repeatedly. I wanted to create a simple, non-technical resource that addresses these common points and provides a solid foundation for understanding Bitcoin.

## Using This Guide

Feel free to:
- Download and share this PDF with anyone interested in learning about Bitcoin
- Print copies for meetups or educational events
- Link to this page from your own resources

The guide is intentionally kept to one page to avoid overwhelming newcomers while providing enough information to spark interest and understanding. I also kept it high contrast and easy to read - so it can be printed on a single sheet of paper on any printer.

## Additional Resources

For those wanting to learn more after reading the guide, I recommend checking out my [Bitcoin Resources](/resources) page for carefully curated learning materials.

## Feedback Welcome

If you have suggestions for improving this guide or questions that you think should be addressed, please reach out to me on [X.com](https://x.com/bensig).

# ⚡ Bitcoin Quick Stats ⚡

🎯 Supply & Scarcity
- Maximum Supply: 21 Million BTC
- Currently Mined: 19.6 Million BTC
- Lost Forever: ~4 Million BTC
- Remaining to Mine: 1.1 Million BTC

💰 Units & Value
- 1 Bitcoin = 100 Million Satoshis
- 1 Satoshi = 0.00000001 BTC
- First Real Purchase: 10,000 BTC for 2 pizzas (2010)
- Current Network Value: $1.3 Trillion

⛏️ Mining & Energy
- Hash Rate: 752M Terahashes/second
- Renewable Energy: ~60% of mining
- Mining Reward: 3.125 BTC per block
- Block Time: ~10 minutes

🌍 Network Stats
- Active Wallets: 743,000
- Daily Transactions: ~500,000
- Countries where Bitcoin is Legal Tender: 2
- Lightning Network Capacity: 5,300 BTC
